=head1 NAME

filtr - Apply a named filter to an image.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 $> filtr infile.jpg outfile.jpg name-o-filtr

=head1 DESCRIPTION

 http://www.aaronland.info/weblog/2006/07/31/baconmelon/#filtr

=head1 FILTERS

=head2 dazd

 $> filtr infile.jpg outfile.jpg dazd

=head2 filtr

 $> filtr infile.jpg outfile.jpg filtr

=head2 heathr

 $> filtr infile1.jpg infile2.jpg heathr name-o-infile1-filtr name-o-infile2-filtr outfile.jpg

This filter will modify infile1.jpg and infile2.jpg. That's not really a feature.

=head2 movr

 $> filtr infile.mp4 outfile.jpg movr name-o-filtr

=head2 postcrd

 $> filtr infile.jpg outfile.jpg postcrd

=head2 postr

 $> filtr infile.jpg outfile.jpg postr

=head2 stndpipe

 $> filtr infile1.jpg infile2.jpg stndpipe name-o-infile1-filtr name-o-infile2-filtr outfile.jpg

This filter will modify infile1.jpg and infile2.jpg. That's not really a feature.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=over 4

=item * B<ImageMagick>

All of these filters were written using ImageMagick 5.x I tried installing IM 6
once and all hell broke loose. Dunno.

On FreeBSD, my experience has been that you'll need to install GraphicsMagick to
prevent core dumpage. 

=item * B<python>

Not really an option but the good news is that Python is (generally) easier to get
installed on oddball devices (stuff like Nokia's maemo/internet tablets) than apps
like I<jhead> and surprisingly I<md5sum>.

=item * B<ffmpeg>

This is only necessary for movr.

=item * B<perl>

This is only necessary for movr, but if you can get ffmpeg installed Perl is the
least of your worries...

=back

=head1 TO DO 

=over 4

=item 

Calls to 'jhead' and 'md5' or 'md5sum' were removed when the pure-Python filtrkit
versions were added. They should be un-removed and used first if they are present.

=item

Patch and test to run under Linux. This probably just means testing the paths
and arguments passed to any one command.

=item 

Documentation.

=item 

Replace feeping Perl-isms with plain old awk.

=item 

Figure out how to DWIM when unlinking pre-exising ${OUTPUT} when calling
'heathr' or 'stndpipe'

=item 

Make reporting better. Reporting? Exactly.

=item 

Try to rationalize input parameters? Hahahaha.

=back

=head1 VERSION

0.4

=head1 DATE

$Date: 2009/08/02 17:42:08 $

=head1 AUTHOR

Aaron Straup Cope <ascope#cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

Grant Hollingworth <http://antiflux.org/~grant/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://www.aaronland.info/weblog/2006/07/31/baconmelon/#filtr>

L<http://rcrowley.org/2007/11/08/introducing-curvr/>

L<http://github.com/straup/filtr/>

L<http://github.com/rcrowley/curvr/>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2005-2009 Aaron Straup Cope. All Rights Reserved.

This is free software, you may use it and distribute it under the
same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
